Now we're going to cover my favorite part of flexbox,
or at least it's what brought me to flexbox.
I was constantly struggling with how to align and justify items on my web page.
I would have a parent element that would have between three and 12 elements inside of it,
and I would drive myself crazy trying to set
absolute positioning or relative positioning,
trying to get all the things aligned how I want.
Then I came across flexbox,
and being able to align and justify the items in relationship to
each other with simple CSS properties is a game changer.
The two key properties we're going to talk about here are;
align items and justify content.
Let's take a look at them in action.